You are a bachelor and you have shit for me
Can you give me money if you have the ability?
At least get to know each other
I won't say anything else ugly
From today onwards
You wait for me.
You are learning a class
Take care of yourself
Years of love
So that's it.
Bar
I still don't see it clearly
Mom
Ok I'll go right now
Golden is the life of our prisoners these years
What about this house?
Dad, didn't we agree?
Leave the house to my brother
Don't say another word.
If it weren't for your uncle
I'm starving to death on the streets
If your brother were as sensible as you
I'm cruel
How about congratulations and coming back?
Why are you here?
Today is your big day
You just came back
We just wanted to celebrate with you together.
Yeah, long time no see.
So I got married.
Are you in love?
Come over quickly